Spark operator doc 2.1.1 (#3970)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/projects/applications/catalog-applications/custom-resources-workspace-catalog/spark-operator-custom-resources/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Deploy Custom Resources with Spark Operator
title: Deploy Custom Resources with Spark Operator
menuWeight: 20
excerpt: Get Started on Spark Operator Custom Resources
---

> To run your Spark workloads with Spark Operator, apply the Spark Operator specific custom resources. The Spark Operator works with the following  kinds of custom resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run your Spark workloads with Spark Operator, apply the Spark Operator specific custom resources. The Spark Operator works with the following kinds of custom resources:
```

- `SparkApplication`
- `ScheduledSparkApplication`

See [Spark Operator API documentation](https://github.com/mesosphere/spark-on-k8s-operator/blob/d2iq-master/docs/api-docs.md) for more details.

## Prerequisites

1.  First, deploy your Spark Operator. See the [Spark Operator](../../../../../workspaces/applications/catalog-applications/spark-operator) documentation for more information.

> 2.  You need to ensure the necessary RBAC resources referenced in your custom resources exist, otherwise the your custom resources will fail. See [this Spark Operator documentation](https://github.com/mesosphere/spark-on-k8s-operator/blob/d2iq-master/docs/quick-start-guide.md#about-the-spark-job-namespace) for details.

Reviewer: Probably should number these all as `1.` otherwise the linter may get angry

> 2.  You need to ensure the necessary RBAC resources referenced in your custom resources exist, otherwise the your custom resources will fail. See [this Spark Operator documentation](https://github.com/mesosphere/spark-on-k8s-operator/blob/d2iq-master/docs/quick-start-guide.md#about-the-spark-job-namespace) for details.
>     -   This is an example of commands you need to create RBAC resources needed in your project namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  You need to ensure the necessary RBAC resources referenced in your custom resources exist, otherwise the custom resources will fail. See [this Spark Operator documentation](https://github.com/mesosphere/spark-on-k8s-operator/blob/d2iq-master/docs/quick-start-guide.md#about-the-spark-job-namespace) for details.

    - This is an example of commands you need to create RBAC resources needed in your project namespace:
```
```

        ```bash

>         export PROJECT_NAMESPACE=<project namespace>
>         kubectl apply -f - <<EOF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        export PROJECT_NAMESPACE=<project namespace>

        kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
```

>         apiVersion: v1
>         kind: ServiceAccount
>         metadata:
>         name: spark-service-account
>         namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
>         ---
>         apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
>         kind: Role
>         metadata:
>         namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
>         name: spark-role
>         rules:
>         - apiGroups: [""]
>         resources: ["pods"]
>         verbs: ["*"]
>         - apiGroups: [""]
>         resources: ["services"]
>         verbs: ["*"]
>         ---
>         apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
>         kind: RoleBinding
>         metadata:
>         name: spark-role-binding
>         namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
>         subjects:
>         - kind: ServiceAccount
>         name: spark-service-account
>         namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
>         roleRef:
>         kind: Role
>         name: spark-role
>         apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io

Reviewer: I think this yaml is not formatted correctly - an editor might have cobbled up the indentations. 

This is my first wack at it, but it probably exists somewhere that might be easier to copy/paste.

```suggestion
        apiVersion: v1
        kind: ServiceAccount
        metadata:
          name: spark-service-account
          namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
        ---
        apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
        kind: Role
        metadata:
          namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
          name: spark-role
          rules:
          - apiGroups: [""]
            resources: ["pods"]
            verbs: ["*"]
          - apiGroups: [""]
            resources: ["services"]
            verbs: ["*"]
        ---
        apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
        kind: RoleBinding
        metadata:
          name: spark-role-binding
          namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
          subjects:
          - kind: ServiceAccount
            name: spark-service-account
            namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
          roleRef:
          kind: Role
            name: spark-role
            apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
```

Author: good catch!!

        EOF
        ```

## Deploy a simple SparkApplication

> 1.  Create your [Project](../../../../../projects) if you don’t already have one.
> 1.  Set the `PROJECT_NAMESPACE` environment variable to the name of your project’s namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create your [Project](../../../../../projects) if you don’t already have one.

1.  Set the `PROJECT_NAMESPACE` environment variable to the name of your project’s namespace:
```

    ```bash
    export PROJECT_NAMESPACE=<project namespace>
    ```

> 1.  Set the SPARK_SERVICE_ACCOUNT environment variable to one of the following:
>     1.  `${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}`, if you skipped the step in [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) to create RBAC resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Set the SPARK_SERVICE_ACCOUNT environment variable to one of the following:

    1.  `${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}`, if you skipped the step in [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) to create RBAC resources.
```

        ```bash
        # This service account is automatically created when you create a project and has access to everything in the project namespace. 
        export SPARK_SERVICE_ACCOUNT=${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
        ```

>     1.  `spark-service-account`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.  Or set to `spark-service-account`
```

       ```bash
       export SPARK_SERVICE_ACCOUNT=spark-service-account
       ```

1.  Apply the SparkApplication custom resource in your project namespace

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
    apiVersion: "sparkoperator.k8s.io/v1beta2"
    kind: SparkApplication
    metadata:
    name: pyspark-pi
    namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
    spec:
    type: Python
    pythonVersion: "3"
    mode: cluster
    image: "gcr.io/spark-operator/spark-py:v3.1.1"
    imagePullPolicy: Always
    mainApplicationFile: local:///opt/spark/examples/src/main/python/pi.py
    sparkVersion: "3.1.1"
    restartPolicy:
    type: OnFailure
    onFailureRetries: 3
    onFailureRetryInterval: 10
    onSubmissionFailureRetries: 5
    onSubmissionFailureRetryInterval: 20
    driver:
    cores: 1
    coreLimit: "1200m"
    memory: "512m"
    labels:
        version: 3.1.1
    serviceAccount: ${SPARK_SERVICE_ACCOUNT}
    executor:
    cores: 1
    instances: 1
    memory: "512m"
    labels:
        version: 3.1.1

>     EOF

Reviewer: I think this yaml looks formatted incorrectly - I tried to take my first whack at it, but it might already exist somewhere where it'd be easier to copy/paste.

Author: Done

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Deploy Custom Resources with Spark Operator
title: Deploy Custom Resources with Spark Operator
menuWeight: 20
excerpt: Get Started on Spark Operator Custom Resources
---

To run your Spark workloads with Spark Operator, apply the Spark Operator specific custom resources. The Spark Operator works with the following kinds of custom resources:

- `SparkApplication`
- `ScheduledSparkApplication`

See [Spark Operator API documentation](https://github.com/mesosphere/spark-on-k8s-operator/blob/d2iq-master/docs/api-docs.md) for more details.

## Prerequisites

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Follow these steps:

```

> 1.  First, deploy your Spark Operator. See the [Spark Operator](../../../../../workspaces/applications/catalog-applications/spark-operator) documentation for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Deploy your Spark Operator. See the [Spark Operator](../../../../../workspaces/applications/catalog-applications/spark-operator) documentation for more information.
```

> 1.  You need to ensure the necessary RBAC resources referenced in your custom resources exist, otherwise the custom resources will fail. See [this Spark Operator documentation](https://github.com/mesosphere/spark-on-k8s-operator/blob/d2iq-master/docs/quick-start-guide.md#about-the-spark-job-namespace) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Ensure the necessary RBAC resources referenced in your custom resources exist, otherwise the custom resources can fail. See the [Spark Operator documentation](https://github.com/mesosphere/spark-on-k8s-operator/blob/d2iq-master/docs/quick-start-guide.md#about-the-spark-job-namespace) for details.
```

>     - This is an example of commands you need to create RBAC resources needed in your project namespace:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - This is an example of commands for you you to create the RBAC resources needed in your project namespace:
```

        ```bash
        export PROJECT_NAMESPACE=<project namespace>

        kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
        apiVersion: v1
        kind: ServiceAccount
        metadata:
          name: spark-service-account
          namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
        ---
        apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
        kind: Role
        metadata:
          namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
          name: spark-role
        rules:
        - apiGroups: [""]
          resources: ["pods"]
          verbs: ["*"]
        - apiGroups: [""]
          resources: ["services"]
          verbs: ["*"]
        ---
        apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
        kind: RoleBinding
        metadata:
          name: spark-role-binding
          namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
        subjects:
        - kind: ServiceAccount
          name: spark-service-account
          namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
        roleRef:
          kind: Role
          name: spark-role
          apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
        EOF
        ```

## Deploy a simple SparkApplication

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Follow these steps:

```

        ```

    1.  Or set to `spark-service-account`

       ```bash
       export SPARK_SERVICE_ACCOUNT=spark-service-account
       ```

1.  Apply the SparkApplication custom resource in your project namespace

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
    apiVersion: "sparkoperator.k8s.io/v1beta2"
    kind: SparkApplication
    metadata:
      name: pyspark-pi
      namespace: ${PROJECT_NAMESPACE}
    spec:
      type: Python
      pythonVersion: "3"
      mode: cluster
      image: "gcr.io/spark-operator/spark-py:v3.1.1"
      imagePullPolicy: Always
      mainApplicationFile: local:///opt/spark/examples/src/main/python/pi.py
      sparkVersion: "3.1.1"
      restartPolicy:
        type: OnFailure
        onFailureRetries: 3
        onFailureRetryInterval: 10
        onSubmissionFailureRetries: 5
        onSubmissionFailureRetryInterval: 20
      driver:
        cores: 1
        coreLimit: "1200m"
        memory: "512m"
        labels:
          version: 3.1.1
        serviceAccount: ${SPARK_SERVICE_ACCOUNT}
      executor:
        cores: 1
        instances: 1
        memory: "512m"
        labels:
          version: 3.1.1
    EOF
    ```

## Clean up

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Follow these steps:

```
